#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu111/torch_stable.html

absl-py==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
aiohttp==3.8.0
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
async-timeout==4.0.1
    # via aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.2.0
    # via aiohttp
blis==0.7.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   sacremoses
    #   typer
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
filelock==3.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2021.11.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
future==0.18.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
gensim==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
grpcio==1.41.1
    # via tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.1.2
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   click
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   markdown
    #   pep517
    #   transformers
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via spacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonlines==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
markdown==3.3.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
multidict==5.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nltk==3.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   gensim
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
pathy==0.6.1
    # via spacy
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pytorch-lightning==1.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2021.11.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.46
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via sklearn
scipy==1.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gensim
    #   scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   sacremoses
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via
    #   gensim
    #   pathy
spacy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.8
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.1
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
tensorboard==2.7.0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.0
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
thinc==8.0.13
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
tomli==1.2.2
    # via pep517
torch==1.10.0+cu111
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
transformers==4.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==3.10.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   async-timeout
    #   catalogue
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pydantic
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torch
    #   yarl
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
werkzeug==2.0.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   tensorboard
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   catalogue
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
